>> Sarah Drasner: Some of the things,
when we're starting,
we're gonna talk about prototyping.
But we're also gonna talk about motion
in general and why you might use motion.
Because when we're prototyping and
when we're adding motion to our site,
it's kinda like, why would you do that,
why not just deliver a static mock?
Loaders and perceived performance, and
the reason why we might use motion is that
humans overestimate
passive wait times by 36%.
So if you are judging the amount of
time on your site that it takes to load,
you actually have to
multiply that by 0.36.
Because people are actually thinking
that it would takes longer,
because they don't have anything to do.
But notice that, that word or
that phrase has the term passive in it.
So if they have nothing to do in that
time, they'll overestimate that time.
But not if they'll occupied.
So by adding something like a loader or
something that they're engaged with,
people feel like the performance
of the site that they're
visiting is better than it is.
So, perceived wait times,
Viget did a study where they showed all
of these different loaders to people.
People are willing to wait twice as
long on a site for a custom loader,
than they are for one of the ones that
it's just a GIF that goes around.
And part of the reason that
they think that this is true,
is that they assume that
somebody cares about them.
That they assume someone cares about
them enough to have something for
them at the end.
So if you give someone just a standard
GIF, they'll bounce after 12 seconds.
But if you even stylize that loader
a little bit, people will wait
twice as long, they will wait until 24
seconds before they will leave your site.
Uncertain wait times feel longer
than known, finite waits.
So these are actually kind
of two different ideas.
Uncertain wait times are longer
than known, finite waits.
That's why people tell you how long
it'll take for a line, in some lines.
Like, sometimes you go to Disney World,
and it'll be like an hour long from here,
or a half an hour long from here,
so that it doesn't feel longer.
Other things that they do is show you
entertainment while you're waiting.
They have all of these cool
little gadgets moving around.
And so you're like, the Star Wars
wait isn't so long, except it's
way longer than some of the rides, but
people were engaged the entire time.
Airports will also make you walk around a
really long way before you get to baggage
claim, and then when you show up to
baggage claim you're like, my bag is here.
Really, they made you walk around.
You probably could've gotten to
baggage claim really quickly but
felt like you were waiting for
a long time.
If you're walking around,
you're kind of busy and
entertained, not really,
but it feels like that.
So if you're walking and
your bag shows up,
you're like, what an efficient airport.
[LAUGH] Anxiety makes wait seem longer,
doctors know that,
that's why bring you in from
the waiting room to wait in their room.
You know how they bring you in and then
you're like, they're not ready to see me,
I'm just sitting here.
They do that intentionally because they
know you're probably pretty anxious to
seem them anyway, it's not that great.
So they make you feel like you've
already started the doctor journey
by joining them inside the doctor room.